Features:
    Password Security:
    Uses hashing and salting to secure passwords in such a way that even I can't tell you what they are

    Simple and Fast:
    Because I haven't put in a lot of fancy features the plugin is lite and easy to run making it perfect for small and massive servers

    Ability to only require some players to register:
    If you don't want all players to need to register then you only need to give the permission to the players you want to be required to register.
    other players can still register if they wish but it wont be a requirement. this might be handy if you want to force staff to secure their account but don't want to force players to.

    Inventory Hiding:
    Inventory Hiding allows the server to temporarily store a players inventory while they aren't logged in. this stopps a player from getting infomation about the items you have in your inventory that might allow
    special permissions or access to areas of the server.

    Player locking:
    This only applies to players who are registered but not logged in or players who are required to register but haven't. These players will not be able to move, chat, use commands other that /login and /register,
     access inventories like chests and alter their own inventory if inventory hiding is disabled.
Commands:
/login (Password):
this command allows the player to login, after this commmand is run the player will be allowed to move and be given back their inventory if inventory hiding is on
The password entered must match the one used at registration for the command to be successful

/logout:
this command will lock a players account so that they will need to login again reguardless of how long they are offline,
this could be helpfull if someone doesnt trust a friend or family member who has access to their computer.
it will also hide the players inventory if inventory hiding is enabled

/register (Password) (Password):
This command registers the players password to the server, this command must be run to secure an account and will be required by any player with the lapislogin.required permission before
they are allowed to do anything(eg use chat, move, access inventory etc)
both passwords must match for this command to be successful

/changepassword (OldPassword) (NewPassword) (NewPassword):
This command allows a player to change their password. the player must be logged in to use the command
the command fails if the old password is incorrect or if the new passwords don't match

/resetpassword (player):
*This is an admin command*
This command will deregister a player, forcing them to use the register command again. the main use of this command is for players who have forgotten their password.
the command will also hide a players inventory and send them a message to reregister if they are online and have the lapislogin.required permission

Permissions:
lapislogin.required: Players with this permission will be forced to register before they are allowed to interact with the server

lapislogin.admin: allows the player to reset other players passwords with /resetpassword